New Set Indicator Grid Field Command (#35553)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/Scripts/SetIndicatorGridField/README.md

This script updates an indicator's grid field in Cortex XSOAR with provided row data. You can input the rows directly or extract them from the context.

## Script Data

---

| **Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| Script Type | python3 |

## Inputs

---

| **Argument Name** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| indicator | The value of the indicator to be updated. |
| grid_field | The name of the grid field you want to update. |
| headers | A comma-separated string listing the column headers for the grid. |

> | input | required, either JSON or list of lists |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| input | Either a JSON or list of lists. This argument is mandatory. |
```
